revise the clone docsy-example steps (#12)
LisaFC/docsysite: content/en/docs/Getting started/_index.md

1.  Make a local working copy of the example site directly using `git clone`:

     ```shell
     git clone https://github.com/google/docsy-example.git
     ```
    

> 1. Switch to the root of the cloned directory, for example:

Reviewer: Switch to the root of the cloned project, for example:

> 1. Switch to the root of the cloned directory, for example:

Author: ```suggestion
1. Switch to the root of the cloned project, for example:
```

    ```shell
    cd docsy-example
    ```

1. Get local copies of the project submodules so you can build and run your site locally:

    ```shell
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    ```
    
1. Build your site:
    
    ```shell
    hugo server
    ```
    
1. Preview your site in your browser at: http://localhost:1313/

    Tip: Use `Ctrl + c` to stop the Hugo server.

> 1. Now that you have a local copy of the site running, you can set your `origin` remote and then 

Reviewer: You're resetting your origin, not setting it.

> 1. Now that you have a local copy of the site running, you can set your `origin` remote and then 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Now that you have a local copy of the site running, you need to configure the `origin` so that it targets your remote repository and then 
```

>    push the site to your repository. For example:

Reviewer: Your repository per this workflow doesn't exist yet - which is why I made it an earlier step.

>    push the site to your repository. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
   push the site to that repository. For example:
```

>    1. If you need to create a remote repository, go to GitHub and create a 

Reviewer: This seems a bit odd - you *will* need to create an empty remote repository to push this to, which is why I made it an explicit step

      [new empty repo](https://help.github.com/en/articles/create-a-repo) 
      for your site with your chosen repo name. For clarity you may also want to rename the root 
      directory (`docsy-example`) of your local working copy to match, though everything will still 
      work even if you don't.

>    1. Ensure that your 

Reviewer: It will be! You don't need to check!

      [remote (`origin`) is configured](https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork):
   

>        1. If you are not sure if you have a remote configured, run:

Author: ```suggestion
       1. If you are not sure if the `origin` remote is configured, run:
```

Reviewer: Again, it will definitely be configured.

      
           ```shell

>            git remote

Author: ```suggestion
           git remote get-url origin
```

           ```
      
       1. From your site's root directory, change your local copy's `origin` to your new repo (otherwise 
          you'll be trying to push changes to the Docsy example site rather than to your own site):

           ```shell

>            git remote remove origin

Author: i tried a few times and my `origin` was never pre set to docsy so this was slightly confusing to me (ie there was no way that i could accidentally try to push to the docsy repo)

Reviewer: Are you sure? I literally just tried this and the origin is pre-set to the site you just cloned:

$ git clone https://github.com/google/docsy-example.git
$ cd docsy-example
$ git remote get-url origin
https://github.com/google/docsy-example.git

It's why you need to reset it once you've cloned it.

Author: as we chatted in the other PR, i was running the incorrect command and getting a false result (`git remote` vs `git remote get-url origin`). thanks @LisaFC!

1.  Make a local working copy of the example site directly using `git clone`:

     ```shell
     git clone https://github.com/google/docsy-example.git
     ```
    
1. Switch to the root of the cloned project, for example:

    ```shell
    cd docsy-example
    ```

1. Get local copies of the project submodules so you can build and run your site locally:

    ```shell
    git submodule update --init --recursive
    ```
    
1. Build your site:
    
    ```shell
    hugo server
    ```
    
1. Preview your site in your browser at: http://localhost:1313/

    Tip: Use `Ctrl + c` to stop the Hugo server.

1. Now that you have a local copy running, you can a create a new repository and then `git push` your Docsy site:

>    1. [Create a new remote repository in GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/create-a-repo) 

Reviewer: Create a new empty repository in GitHub

(it's only remote relative to your local copy, we don't need to specify that it's remote)

>    1. [Create a new remote repository in GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/create-a-repo) 

Author: ```suggestion
   1. [Create a new repository in GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/create-a-repo) 
```

      for your site with your chosen repo name. For clarity you may also want to rename the root 
      directory (`docsy-example`) of your local working copy to match, though everything will still 
      work even if you don't.

   1. Configure your 
      [remote (`origin`)](https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork)

>       in your project:

Reviewer: This is kind of weirdly phrased, you wouldn't say "configure your remote (origin)", especially as the important thing here is that you're *resetting*  "origin", configuring doesn't convey that there's one already there from cloning the example  - I also think having this as a step with substeps is overkill given that one of them is just verifying that it worked.

I think we can just have the next step (and the verification)

Author: removed all "local" and "remote" references, cleaned up "site" vs "repo" terminology, and consolidated unnecessary nested list

      
       1. From your site's root directory, change your local copy's `origin` to your new repo (otherwise 
          you'll be trying to push changes to the Docsy example site rather than to your own site):

           ```shell
           git remote remove origin
           git remote add origin https://github.com/MY-SITE/EXAMPLE.git
           ```
	   
       1. Verify that your remote is configured by running:
      
           ```shell
           git remote -v
           ```
	   

>    1. Push your local Docsy site to your remote repository:

Author: ```suggestion
   1. Push your local Docsy site to your repository:
```

>    1. Push your local Docsy site to your remote repository:

Reviewer: to your repository (we don't need to keep saying "remote")
